hello welcome silly I prefer sweetly
call for Monday the 7th of October 2019
I am making brain in the absence of
anyone else hosting I'll be your host
for this week we're gonna go around the
room and do some lightning talk it's
gonna be super good fun so without
further ado Eric what are you working on
hello I am Eric
visual design and as it turns out sort
of general design or around here and I
am on ipfs documentation squad were
tasked with improving the way people
learn about ipfs and hopefully helping
people learn a little bit more
efficiently and the main context for
that learning is Doc's type EFS dot IO
which we've been sort of evolving in
little ways but it's pretty much static
fun husband so for a long time previous
quarter we we focused on kind of
analytical work sort of identifying
spots where where we needed to improve
and we are we've identified a we're
probably going to build a View press
site a beta site and leave the current
site as is and build this sandbox over
here for a soft launch in this short
quarter which we now find ourselves in
let's say we could one of one of the
issues I'll share my screen here so the
current the current website is was
generated super quickly and it's been I
think very useful but it was sort of a
one-person operation and it's it's
getting stale and
that there are a lot of issues
surrounding for example the information
architecture the structure of the
navigation is it's it's super long for
one thing and not all that easy to find
your way around and you know if you
notice here so much of the content
actually just takes you off the website
itself and so it can be a pretty
disorienting experience we want people
to know that they can that this is sort
of a definitive authoritative spot to go
to to learn about how to how to do live
PFS and one of the things that we just
added recently was a simple little
content survey you know and and we're
tracking whether people find different
pages useful or not currently I think hi
how I BFS works which is a recently
rewritten page is I think that's the
that's getting the most holy smokes this
is awesome votes and I would share the
link but I don't know how to do that in
this while I'm sharing a screen one of
the things that I experimented with is a
new information architecture and this is
this is something that we've tested I'm
using a website called workflowy which
is kind of a to do thing it's been
around a while and it's super
straightforward and it's not really I'm
hacking it it's not really meant for
this but I love the way that that it it
collapses everything and so if I'm
testing the structure of a website to
show someone a fully nested you know
indentation bullet-pointed Google Doc
isn't all that helpful because it
doesn't mirror their experience at all
so this is what we this is what we've
been testing a simple pretty
straightforward install ipfs you know
people want to install right away get
started action oriented
and I'm not going to dig too much into
this but I'll share it and I would love
to hear feedback I you know what people
think about this and if if you think it
might you know be useful to even you and
your own experience or or or if you
could put yourself in the mindset of of
people who are unfamiliar with ipfs and
maybe are landing on this page first
time but I'll link you to this and I'll
link you to issue where we can or we can
have some where the conversations are
already taking place
I won't dominate the rest of the meeting
but we've got a lot of fun Doc's stuff
going on and look for not not just a new
beta and a new beta version of the doc
site but also incremental improvements
you know we've been trying to bang out
how it fixes and one of the one of the
major areas that that is surfacing is
just the whole understandability of ipfs
and the concepts surrounding it and what
seems to help a lot is visualizations
you know information graphics and
whatnot so I want to I want to try to
apply myself to a lot of that this this
quarter in the cracks if possible I get
to nominate someone outright Dirk
and so in the last few weeks I've been
working on pre being visible components
and in particular in particular being
looking at how we can distribute
information about where stuff is on the
network and then bits walking kind of
like figure out where actually get stuff
from in a more efficient way so I was
kind of implementing a perfect concept
or implement proven concepts and I was
little buggy so now find out all of the
bugs and it seems like it's working and
so now I'm working on improving the
performance of the concept any questions
about them Jim what do you up to no I'm
just excited about that we're savita me
and roll or working on test ground stuff
and seems like that's a high ranking
candidate to get into some comparative
benchmarking I have a cache ground demo
which is doesn't do a whole lot yeah but
we can show it is it the V do you think
it's good to Silla
yeah go for it okay so this is a it's
very early stage so let's see so don't
expect a lot you're not gonna see a lot
here so you see the screen here so this
is a just a ECT machine on AWS that we
spun up and I've got test ground code
tech notes so you can find tests
grounded ipfs slash test ground and it's
the main thing rolls started this code
base and it's going to be the base
platform written and go for writing or
tests that will you know spin up like
ten thousand nodes and run a DHT and do
it we can run tests and get a lot of
data dump it to you elasticsearch and do
a lot of analysis on it so doesn't do a
whole lot yet but this is the basic test
we have so to show you the command line
looks like it's like test ground it's
using some docker I'm gonna spin up ten
dollar instances and ran this DHT test
that's all in the codebase there so and
I just rebooted this machine so I don't
know if this will work but it should
work hopefully oh no can't find it in I
never seen that one before
maybe I shoulda never abated the machine
not fight it available non okay that was
it's not a very good demo it was working
a minute ago so I'll stop sharing my
screen and then if let the next person
go and then if I can get this working
before the end of the car the demo God's
eventual gods
I'm trying to ship well at least cut a
release branch for JSI BFS 39 it's gonna
be really exciting we're gonna have in
knitting and starting a demon in a
single command we're going to have a
limit to the number of concurrent HTTP
requests in a browser which is actually
going to be super good because at the
moment when you like do lots of stuff
you can end up reloading large amounts
of content and just generating all this
HTTP traffic and it all backs up in the
browser because you can only have so
many requests it's like a given time and
then your actual interesting commands
tend to get put into this queue as well
so we're going to have like a fix went
in that just limits the number of
requests that you can have for the non
important role like the background task
II kind of HTTP stuff that all gets like
throttled now so your user experience in
the browser should be much improved
after this we're also having conflict
profiles finally so go for ages has
supported kind of preset profiles that
you can combine together to do things
like make your test run faster by not
trying to find other nodes
you know locally over mdns and that kind
of stuffs you can just got these like
simple keywords that you can use to
customize your config in one easy step
we've got a new version of web UI that's
going to be in it as well and we also
can add support for some missing
commands or a missing command which is
removing blocks over the HTTP API it's
also going to fix a bug at the moment
where you can remove a block that's
pinned enjoy so give us which is kind of
embarrassing and not great so that's
going to be fixed it's gonna be really
cool does anyone have any questions
about
you
this is an easy crowd after he still are
you working on crazy hardware stuff
we's I got a workshop coming up so
hopefully getting a lot of version one
prototypes through I'll take you guys
around with my laptop so for all of my
hardware I have like a local node that
runs from my bag and that's on my laptop
and to keep my laptop powered I oh these
are my old batteries they're all over
the place and that's making new
batteries they're kind of a power
I can sit down in a coffee shop and last
for like two days so it's nice but also
what yeah hopefully running all of those
mmm although let me keep on going for a
walk but to do oh here is a hat
or bring my stuff so you put it on 200
Hertz eight channels of brain wave of
information and my router broke so I
used to have a big router in the first
version to have my network scale baaaa
beyond the eight that can fit on my
phone but here's a smaller one raspberry
pi that's actually running a consistent
server that doesn't turn off every time
my computer reboots here is the old
router that I fried that I'm getting a
new one of today yeah this Arista
plastic me not being able to integrate
the cool ipfs suggestions that you guys
made last time about encryption I did
look into textile that IO and P Goss in
the sword but I haven't been able to get
an implementation up but yeah that's my
updates if you're running archive s
running Jarrett okay first on a
battery-powered device would be very
interested in the low power profile
which may or may not land at some point
in the near future
oh like five years ten years a few
months I mean we're talking we're not
talking astronomical scale I know so
we're gonna get the initial set of
profiles out the door and then assess
the cases like now we can identify
things and then we have an easy
mechanism to add new ones so that's
definitely one that's gonna be under
this you know absolutely my back
appreciate since I have to carry all my
batteries in my bag
fighting the good fight
you
now you get to nominate someone next-gen
swear fellow Arizonans what are you up
to you all sorts of mischief a bit thank
you and so I'm doing a deep dive into
session initiation protocol and since
the beads on call de vie that I posed a
question to Alex and Olli and a few
others is anybody connecting from the
ipfs platform led p2p and connecting to
the public switched telephone network
if anyone is connecting as in if anyone
is using it or trying I mean is there a
way to seamlessly connect you know let
p2p with sip with the PSTN
oh yeah like so easily as in I just just
like another really beautiful module and
so there it's not built yet there is not
no working progress so I don't think
anyone has started that at trial yet but
I can the way to flip it appears build
should be quite by creative discovery
protocol and from the perspective of
application layer it should be oh I want
to use this other way to trust for my
data and then this other way to listen
for like incoming connections and so on
yeah but I don't know I don't know
anyone that I started that yet these
would be like a lot of fun though like
to see that working like transfer files
over to the phone line wait do you know
anyway are you looking for that
something well I'm yeah I I've got a use
case in mind that's bubbling up to the
surface for a number of reasons and I've
been you know kind of bringing this up
among the VoIP community and so forth
and highlighting what you're doing with
lib p2p and just sort of exploring you
know who's doing what and Alex and Olli
have been helping me with it so yeah I
was just wondering what the status is it
it seems like it's doable the lid p2p I
just didn't know if anybody was doing it
the idea is to be able to enter an
address and then always have as a
default experience a an old copper line
phone call if if nothing else is
available
but first first to you know see if
there's rich media available
over you know lib p2p WebRTC so forth
but if none of that's available and
you'll always get a phone call versus
you know just 404 or whatever so yeah
yeah absolutely like it's definitely
okay again like prob like Billy pure
beer whole like goal is to make sure
that I goes things are easy to integrate
and so I get like the way it's designing
is supposed to make it simple let's say
like I also know from previous
experience like sometimes it's not
necessarily the integration that is
there the hard part is really just like
just getting the developer experience
writing like which is integrating with
some of those more legacy flash current
systems that are deployed on large toy
bombs and so yeah like it sounds like a
very fun thing to do a very powerful
thing like to make it like this is also
possible to commit over yet these are
other way of connecting so far we have
been spending a ton of time more or like
overall a set of things so I could whip
it up here is still very IP centric as a
in like it really thinks about like
whatever is like whatever you can do
over an IP and Ikey doesn't really think
about like the physical connections
between notes so it does no notion of by
crowding protocols like OSPF reap or
whatever it happens on another way to
like update drowsing cables and so on so
like it doesn't matter those markets
it's something like we want to be able
to like get into and actually I actually
spent like my like two weeks ago when we
can also go I can three days at an
information centric networking /name at
a networking conference
I just sharing our progress from my
people superior side and I can also
hearing like the developments on on that
world in like for those of you that are
not familiar with the information
sitting networking or name that a
networking it's kind of like another way
to think about like like Internet
addresses so instead of I getting
numbers and and
and ER key of IPs you get names for
machines so what you get this hierarchy
that are keys names like names that some
reasoning some some some information
about like what is the service and to
make such things
overall more manageable this is just
like a very high level and so they
really think about how to do routing
efficiently in like they really care
about the underway part and so it is
possible
that's like ipfs or liquid appear soon
as in sometime in the future might like
understand like always
all those networks like set up
themselves and I operate over those
Androids actually there's even like a
paper to publish I've already showed
like some really promising results I was
just like running IP pass over an end
the end that break but like there's like
as close as I know to some kind of like
underway integration oh my PFS slash
would be cool could you post a link to
that conference yeah absolutely uh I'll
post it on the notes stuck perfect we
are out of time even speaking as fast as
he does
David almost couldn't fit all his
thoughts into the available space pretty
cool thank you very much everyone for
joining this cool this has been a maybe
of Us Weekly cool you should come back
next week we have a guest speaker and
it's gonna be really interesting yes
thank you
I know stop recording now bye